Question 1: What authentication scheme is used by default in Django Rest Framework's browsable API? How is this managed?
    The default authentication scheme used in Django Rest Framework's browsable API is BasicAuthentication and SessionAuthentication.
    It is managed by the token authentication where the username and password get exchanged to generate a secure token.

Question 2: What authentication scheme is used by httpie when querying with the -a or --auth option flag?
    Basic Authentication is used by httpie when querying with the -a or --auth option flag

Question 3: What is the difference between Session Authentication and Token Authentication? How is Token Authentication an improvement over Basic Authentication?
    Session Authentication the user state is stored in the server's memory, however in the Token Authentication the user state is stored on the client. Moreover in 
    Token Authentication the data is encrypted into a JWT and then sent to the client, and in Session Authentication the data is stored in a cookie. 
    Token Authentication makes verifying the username and password much easier compared to Basic Authentication, instead of verifying the data everytime 
    the data is verified once and saved in the browser. 

Question 4: Provide a high level summary of what happens during an OAuth2 authentication flow. For instance: bitbucket.org > Log In > Log in with Google. 
            What happens when I click "Log in with Google"?  
            1. The program asks the user for permission to use service resources.
            2. If permission is granted the program gets an authorization grant
            3. The program requests an access token
            4. If permission is granted and all the authentication is valid, the API creates a token 
            5. The API is connected to the application


Question 5: Please provide a link to your code.
    https://github.com/MahmoodFalmaz/authentication-lab

Resources
1. https://www.digitalocean.com/community/tutorials/an-introduction-to-oauth-2